LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
docs/Code standards.xlsx
docs/Dependencies.ods
docs/Linux_Installation.txt
docs/PythonPackaging.md
docs/RegressionTests.drawio
docs/RegressionTests.png
docs/TextSplitter.md
docs/TextSplitter_details.drawio
docs/TextSplitter_details.png
docs/TextSplitter_overzicht.drawio
docs/TextSplitter_overzicht.png
docs/Windows_Installation.txt
docs/freeze_Linux.txt
docs/freeze_Windows.txt
pdftextsplitter/Code.sh
pdftextsplitter/HTMLSync.sh
pdftextsplitter/PEP8.sh
pdftextsplitter/Test.sh
pdftextsplitter/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pdftextsplitter.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pdftextsplitter.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pdftextsplitter.egg-info/requires.txt
pdftextsplitter.egg-info/top_level.txt
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/.gitkeep
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/BareAzure.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/Benchmarks.md
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/Burgerlijk wetboek pag 1.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/ChatGPT__1_.ipynb
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/EmbeddedModel.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/Example.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/How to read tabular data in PDF
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/PyPDF.md
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/TableExtraction.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/Tegenspraak.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/Test.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/Test_TOC_pdfminer.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/abstract.txt
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/data.m
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/gpt4.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/langchaintest.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/masterrule_withTOCflag.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/myhist_A.png
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/openaiscript.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/pos.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/rotated_text_pdfminer.txt
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/run.py
pdftextsplitter/Miscellaneous/wordcloudscript.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/BatchExecution.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/ContainsCountry.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/GenerateKeyWords.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/GenerateTextFile.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/GenerateWordCloud.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/GetTitleLines.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/PrepareTextFile.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/Readme.md
pdftextsplitter/Source/SingleExecution.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/openaiscript.py
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/ContainsCountry.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/GenerateKeyWords.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/GenerateTextFile.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/GenerateWordCloud.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/GetTitleLines.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/PrepareTextFile.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Source/__pycache__/openaiscript.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Spikes/DOC57.md
pdftextsplitter/Spikes/Different_clusters.md
pdftextsplitter/Spikes/logging_doc89.md
pdftextsplitter/Tests/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/.fuse_hidden000008e600000001
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/.fuse_hidden000008e600000003
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Abstract.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Authors.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Body.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Captions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Garbich.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Headlines.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_KeyWords.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Remain.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Title.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Copernicus_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_a_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_b_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_c_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_d_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_e_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/HistTest_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/HistTest_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Keywords_Summary.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest1_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/LineTest2_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Musk_wordcloud.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Musk_wordcloud_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Opsomming_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/SplitDoc_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestBreakDown_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestCalculateBoundaries_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestExportDecisions_b_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestExportDecisions_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestHTMLconversion_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TestTex_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/TextExtraction_002.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_PagenUmberDiffs.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/cellar_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/fontsizehist_unittest_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/fontsizehist_unittest_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/textpart_exporttest.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/whitelinehist_unittest_Whitelines_PerTextLine.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Calc_Outputs/whitelinehist_unittest_Whitelines_WithNegatives.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/CADouma_BGT_Publication.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/CADouma_DNN.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Keywords_Body.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Keywords_Headlines.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Keywords_Title.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/LineTest1.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/LineTest2.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Musk_wordcloud.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Opsomming.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Spaces.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/SplitDoc.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/SplitDoc_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/TestFontStylesDoc.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/TestTex.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/TextExtraction_001.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/TextExtraction_002.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/Windows_SplittingTest.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Inputs/cellar_ChatGPT_Logging.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.aux
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.log
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.out
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.spl
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.synctex.gz
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.tex
pdftextsplitter/Tests/LaTeX/Generation.toc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Christiaan PhD Thesis.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Copernicus.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Definitief_rapport_NLR-TR-2020-379__002_.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/InnovatieAgendaRWS.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Internationale_Klimaatstrategie.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Plan_Velo_FR.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/STEP.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/Table.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/cellar.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Regressie/eu_space.pdf
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/.Rhistory
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/.coverage
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/.coveragerc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/AllTests.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/Readme.md
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/RegressionTests.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestBreakDown.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestCalculateBoundaries.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestCountries.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestEnumerations.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestExports.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestFontRegions.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestFontSizeHist.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestFontStyleRecognition.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestHTMLPrint.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestKeywords.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestLayeredSummary.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestLineRegions.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestMasterRule.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestOpenAI.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestPassInfo.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestPrints.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestRegex.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestRules.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestShifting.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestSplitDoc.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestSplitting.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestStringMatch.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestSummarize.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestTOCExtraction.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestTextPart.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestTextSplitter.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestTitleLines.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestTreeStructure.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestTwoColumns.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestWhiteLineHist.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestWhiteLines.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TestWordCloud.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TextExtraction_001.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/TextExtraction_002.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/test_collection.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/RegressionTests.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestBreakDown.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestCalculateBoundaries.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestCountries.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestEnumerations.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestExports.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestFontRegions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestFontSizeHist.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestFontStyleRecognition.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestHTMLPrint.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestKeywords.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestLayeredSummary.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestLineRegions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestMasterRule.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestOpenAI.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestPassInfo.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestPrints.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestRegex.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestRules.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestShifting.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestSplitDoc.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestSplitting.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestStringMatch.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestSummarize.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestTOCExtraction.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestTextPart.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestTextSplitter.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestTitleLines.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestTreeStructure.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestTwoColumns.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestWhiteLineHist.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestWhiteLines.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TestWordCloud.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TextExtraction_001.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/TextExtraction_002.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Scripts/__pycache__/test_collection.cpython-310-pytest-7.4.0.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/.coverage
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/AlineasPresent.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Burgerlijk_wetboek_deel_1_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/ByteComparison.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Christiaan_PhD_Thesis_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/CodeCoverage.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/CompareImages.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/CompareTexts.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Copernicus_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/DjangoCoverage.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/FileComparison.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/ImgRMS.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Opsomming_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Plan_Velo_FR_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Platformdetection.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/Readme.md
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/ReplaceTextInFile.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/TOCElementsPresent.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/cellar_hardcoded_content.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcoded_TOC_Elements.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedalineas.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedexpressions.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedfontregions.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedfontsizehist.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedlineregions.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedtextlines.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardcodedwhitelinehist.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/hardconedalineas_shifting.py
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/AlineasPresent.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Burgerlijk_wetboek_deel_1_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/ByteComparison.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Christiaan_PhD_Thesis_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/CodeCoverage.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/CompareImages.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/CompareTexts.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Copernicus_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/DjangoCoverage.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/FileComparison.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/ImgRMS.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Opsomming_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Plan_Velo_FR_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/Platformdetection.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/TOCElementsPresent.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/cellar_hardcoded_content.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcoded_TOC_Elements.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedalineas.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedexpressions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedfontregions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedfontsizehist.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedlineregions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedtextlines.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardcodedwhitelinehist.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/Tools/__pycache__/hardconedalineas_shifting.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/.fuse_hidden0000076300000002
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/.fuse_hidden0000076300000004
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/BGT_Summary_davinci3.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/BGT_Summary_gpt3.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Burgerlijk wetboek deel 1_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Abstract.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Captions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Headlines.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_KeyWords.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/CADouma_DNN_Publication_Title.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Christiaan PhD Thesis_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Copernicus_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/DNN_Summary.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_a_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_b_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_c_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_d_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Export_Alinea_test_e_BreakdownResults.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/HistTest_Fontsizes_Firstcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/HistTest_Fontsizes_allcharacters.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Keywords_Summary_rake.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Keywords_Summary_yake.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/LineTest1_pdfminer_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/LineTest1_pymupdf_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/LineTest2_pdfminer_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/LineTest2_pymupdf_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Musk_Summary.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Musk_wordcloud_Linux.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Musk_wordcloud_Windows.png
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Opsomming_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Plan_Velo_FR_page5_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/SplitDoc.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/SplitDoc_pdfminer_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/SplitDoc_pymupdf_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TestBreakDown_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TestExportDecisions_b_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TestExportDecisions_decisions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TestHTMLconversion_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TestTex_pdfminer_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TestTex_pymupdf_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TextExtraction_001.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_shell.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_source_invalid.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TextExtraction_001_wrong.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/TextExtraction_002.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Windows_SplittingTest_Abstract.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Windows_SplittingTest_Captions.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Windows_SplittingTest_Headlines.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Windows_SplittingTest_KeyWords.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/Windows_SplittingTest_Title.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/alineas_to_html.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/cellar_html_visualization.html
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/textpart_exporttest.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/textpart_exporttest_fontsize1.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/textpart_exporttest_fontsize2.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/textpart_exporttest_unsupported.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/textpart_exporttest_whitelines1.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/True_Outputs/textpart_loadtest.txt
pdftextsplitter/Tests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/.Rhistory
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/.pylintrc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/CurrentLine.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/Languagemodels.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/Logo.png
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/OpenAI_Keys.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/Readme.md
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/Styling.css
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__init__.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/body.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/breakdown.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/calculate_footerboundaries.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/calculatetree.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/document_metadata.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/enum_type.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/enumeration.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/export.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/exportalineas.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/exportdecisions.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/fill_from_other_textpart.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/fontregion.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/fontsizehist.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/footer.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/headlines.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/huisstijl.css
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/layered_summary.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/lineregion.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/load.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/masterrule.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/passinfo.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/printcode.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/read_native_toc.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/regex_expressions.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/shiftcontents.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/stringmatch.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/summarize.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/summarize_openai.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/summarize_private_huggingface.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/textalinea.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/textgeneration.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/textparser.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/textpart.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/textsplitter.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/title.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/whitelinehist.py
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/CurrentLine.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/Languagemodels.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/OpenAI_Keys.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/body.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/breakdown.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/calculate_footerboundaries.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/calculatetree.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/document_metadata.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/enum_type.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/enumeration.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/export.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/exportalineas.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/exportdecisions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/fill_from_other_textpart.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/fontregion.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/fontsizehist.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/footer.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/headlines.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/layered_summary.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/lineregion.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/load.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/masterrule.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/passinfo.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/printcode.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/read_native_toc.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/regex_expressions.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/shiftcontents.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/stringmatch.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/summarize.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/summarize_huggingface.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/summarize_openai.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/textalinea.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/textgeneration.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/textparser.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/textpart.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/textsplitter.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/title.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/TextPart/__pycache__/whitelinehist.cpython-310.pyc
pdftextsplitter/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc